# Dynatrace Business Cases
1. Video Game Company - VGC is the largest gaming in the world, the corporation, with an annual revenue north of $3B, offers a wide range of gaming products, from consoles to online gaming. The gaming industry has experienced tremendous growth over the years as consumers have grown accustomed to, and demand, great digital experiences. To scale and meet this growing demand, and to build, test, and operate online applications faster, VGC underwent a shift to cloud-native development, with an array of open-source technologies, and began leveraging DevOps tools such as Ansible, Puppet, Chef, and others. VGC struggled to fully understand their cloud environments and they lacked insight into their customers’ digital experiences, rendering them unable to properly assess how their apps were being perceived by customers. They relied on lengthy meetings in war rooms, their teams faced long nights solving issues, and developers lacked the necessary insight into their customers’ experience to build better software faster. If the problem isn’t serious, the process of finding and fixing it could, “stretch out over days or a week with e-mails going back and forth trying to figure out a pattern because you don’t have any real data”. As a result, they were unable to innovate at the speed they desired, were stuck in 3 releases per year managed by one team instead of the several release per month they needed, and they could not meet the SLOs for customer-facing apps.

2. The Bread Company - The Bread Company is one of the world’s largest producers and marketer of high-quality fresh bread, bagels, and pastries. They have operations in the U.S. and Canada with more than 70,000 total users of the applications at 30 facilities. The mission-critical applications that support the company’s logistical functions include transportation, product tracking, and traceability from the bakeries to distribution centers in the U.S. Additionally, The Bread Company's IT division needs accurate monitoring of the performance of these applications along with the performance level of several of its servers. They recently released a mobile application for customers to order their bread products directly from their phone. Adoption has been steadily growing and it has become increasingly challenging to deliver the level of service that customers are used to on their website. It absolutely essential that the users experience is consistent across multiple devices, browsers, and geographies. They need to be able to monitor their cross-channel performance and map it to relevant business metrics. For years, business application users have experienced significant system and application outages and because they use multiple tools to monitor their hybrid cloud/on-prem environment, the IT team is hit with an alert storm with no way to see where the problems originate.

3. The American Bank - AB is the largest bank in America with 60 millions active users and over 200,000 employees. Recently, AB acquired another bank and has been converting their customers over to AB. This influx of users led to outages of the websites and mobile application, leaving customers without access to their funds. Initially, AB wants to focus on fixing the operational efficiency of their critical applications and once stable they have made the decision to undergo a vast cloud transformation across all business units and functions to allow them to more easily scale in the future. Necessary to support this effort was a requirement for complete visibility and intelligence to enable automation as they migrated architectures to the cloud. They needed to fully understand their stack, make architectural decisions, and understand what was going on as they as they were running multiple versions of infrastructure; they also needed to validate and ensure integrity of migration and process and they envisioned optimizing the environment with more hands-off autonomous cloud operations.
